you're cold pick I can't believe it you
in town macumazahn town I'd be at your
place with my feet up watching golf
Colin from my truck well you need
directions Jim sounds like you lost
funny you know Indians don't get lost
when it stopped in counseling take out
how about we meet at our enrich sounds
good to me Danny anyone your travel
world you how is
damn
businesses it's all very stretch of God
yes that's just a book caps it for you
don't none of your affair tanto you just
stare at my wedding and we don't have a
problem do it's not China boy
he was going to kill me
mister are you okay
I thought your future house he is Duncan
MacLeod the Highlander born in 1592 in
the Highlands of Scotland and he is
still alive he is immortal for 400 years
he's been a warrior a lover a wanderer
constantly facing other immortals in
combat to the death the winner takes his
enemy's head and with it his power
I am a watcher part of a secret society
of men and women who observe and record
but never interfere we know the truth
about immortals in the end there can be
only one may it be Duncan MacLeod the
Highlander
well
Oh
so this guy's a real medicine man holy
man Colt XR heyoka his job was
protecting his tribe from evil by
absorbing it before he got to spiritual
skirt messing what happened to his tribe
he could protect him from famine or
drought or the white man they died off
all everyone but him that's rough the
culture believed he had a purpose so he
turned himself outward and became high
okafor the world that's pretty ambitious
he has a spiritual power connection to
people of things knows anything like it
Mac you make it sound as if the guy
could do real magic I always figured you
for a nuts-and-bolts kind of guy no now
I'm not so sure she's a kid I was very
cynical I couldn't see it and I couldn't
feel it it wasn't real certainly if
anybody had ever told me they're mortals
exists you the thought little crazy
exactly so now I'm wondering to myself
what other kind of strange stuff is out
there I saw the cover of a tabloid
apparently a guy in England has proof
that werewolves exist yeah well it'll be
a run on silver bullets now but we exist
I mean who's to say there's none other
weird stuff out there running around
Richie up there for 400 years I've never
seen a werewolf or now for a vampire
mind you I did hear that there was a
troll that lived underneath the bridge
around here somewhere I'm very funny but
you believe in core tech you believe
that he can do real magic I believe that
there are some things that define a
logical explanation yes I also believe
there is power and faithful will you
still didn't answer my question you
believe they call Tecton do real magic
you should ask him
oh you've met this guy in a bar or
something some other dunks like the
fresh air look at that here isn't it
beautiful don't do that what's the
matter don't you like Heights I love
Heights we had these things all over the
east side when I was a kid we don't I
think we should spend more time yeah
well I think we should spend more time
on the other side
hey must be jim coltec come rinse your
eye in front of max it's me stop I know
are you out of your mind
I don't know what the hell were coming
down